Note: This will contain a lot of discussion amongst myself, and it may be confusing to some people.

10/18/2016
I am drawing a blank on what to discuss here. Perhaps I will come up with something tomorrow? I doubt I will, although developments may emerge in the Fireteam hangout or Origins' mod hangout. In any case, I suspect that I should get moving on both the edits that have been requested of me, Dysze's "Situation", maybe help Wighen, and I should definitely get a move on the fireteam RP. Actually, I belive there are two that I am overdue to participate in, although one of them may have died out on someone else's turn. It matters not.

10/20/2016
The theme and the formatting should be changed.
Contemplation over his ending of service:
There are three likely ways Charles will end service, and I should list them in order of Cliche-ness
  One way ticket: This is by far the most cliche way to go on here, although he is likely going to be the one who punches it first in Osprey if it has to happen as the other three either have family (Dysze, Roger, maybe James), are in an important position (Dysze as the Kaidon of Rottin), are too valuable (Dysze and James), or have more of their life to expirience (Roger and perhaps James)
  Pelican Crash: Despite Charles being a pilot he has managed to walk away from any of the crashes he has been in, although his co-pilots are less than fortunate most of the time. If he crashes again he will probably either die in the crash, be severely injured and limping out of the area, or captured under the previous circumstances. Depending on who he was captured by it could range from torture to immeadiate execution.
  Retirement: Charles has almost reached 20 years of service for the UNSC, and retires to visit Sangheilios, and more specifically Rottin keep. After that he may join back up as an officer and haunt Roger until he retires as well. Circumstances may come up in his travels that result in certain arrangements, although nothing is set in stone.
  TLDR: He either sacrifices himself, crashes and suffers (Death and EAS not inherent but likely) or visiting Sangheilios.
||End 10/20/2016 Contemplations and musings {3:41 PM EDT}||
